This is a basic introduction file for all newcomers. 
With the help of this file you will get acquainted with GIT and will make 
your own account at github (www.github.com), create a public remote repository 
of your own, link it with a repository on your terminal/PC and clone it.

But first some BASIC TIPS:
i) To copy something from your terminal, just select it as you would select
any text in your PC. Now it counts as automatically copied.

ii) To paste something to your terminal just move the cursor to the position
you wish to paste to, and simply right-click. Easy as that!

iii)Changing your password. Some of you will probably want to change your 
passwords. It is highly recommended that you do so, seeing that the passwords
you get from the superuser aren't really safe! To do so just type the command
passwd. You will be prompted to enter the old password, as well as type the
new password and then retype it. If everything went well you will be informed
that your password has been changed. It is now up to you to remember your new
password and keep it safe!

Now lets move on to the reason this text was written: GIT!
Open your web browsers and go to https://speakerdeck.com/tsironis/git-101 ,
where you will find a presentation by Dimitris Tsironis.This is the same
presentation we used in our first Free Friday session. Follow the steps
mentioned there and you will have your own GIT repository linked to your very
own repository in github!

IMPORTANT: After initializing a folder as a git repository  you should
configure your git username and password. This is done with the following
2 commands:
git config user.name "yourname"
git config user.email whatever@mail.something
Note that both the username and the email should be the ones you used
while signing up on github. 

Now try cloning this repository (https://github.com/dlabros/FreeFridays).
If it worked, you should see this file in your clone folder as well.

And thats it! Well done! Now you can move on to the actual second lesson!
