In this lesson you will learn everything that you will need to know about 
branching, merging and pull requests in git.

But first some more basic tips!
i)If you want to delete a file from both your local and the remote repo
(the one on github!) you need only 2 commands:
git rm file1.txt
git commit -m "remove file1.txt"
ii)If you want to remove a full repository from github, you simply go to
the specific repository, click on the "Settings" button, scroll down to the
"Danger Zone" and click on "Delete this repository" and follow the 
instructions. If you want to remove the repository from your local pc as 
well, simply use the command:
rm -rf Folder_Name

The presentation of the 2nd lesson can be found here 
https://speakerdeck.com/tsironis/git-201, once again by our Dimitris Tsironis.

Note: If you want to delete a branch via the command line you use the
command:
git push remote_name :branch_name 
The branch on the local repo will still have to be deleted as mentioned in
the presentation.

Now try creating a branch locally and then pushing it to your remote.
Once you have done this pull the txt file containing your personal data from
your remote master branch to your local branch. Make some changes and push it 
to your new remote branch. Everything done and checked? Merge!

If this worked as well you are done with the 2nd lesson as well!
You should now be able to cooperate with your friends in projects! 
Try out the pull request function for branches as well, it is an easy to
use and very useful tool!

Note: If you wish to cooperate with friends in a project via github
the repository owner must add you as a collaborator. In order to do this,
he or she can simply go to the repository settings (as mentioned before
for deleting remote repos) and click on "Collaborators" in the list to
the left. After an authentication he/she can add the collaborators by 
entering their github accounts (http://github.com/user_name) in the
specified field and voila! You can now begin collaborating!
